(mysterious music)
[Narrator] In the year 2020 CE,
the human world is
connected by a network.
That network is inhabited
by an unknown life
form called Digimon.
♪ Oh yeah. Breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back
♪ Never letting fate decide
♪ Though skies ahead
my not be blue ♪
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh yeah! Breathe in deep
♪ Gonna take the leap
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the mind tomorrow
♪ Illuminate a new
and glorious world ♪
(dialer beeps)
The Network.
It unlocks the future of
mankind and the world,
and it continues to evolve.
(water drops)
Now, the Network is
about to connect further
into uncharted territory.
(mysterious rumbles)
(peaceful music)
(wings flaps)
[Tai] Okay, sleeping bag
check, water bottle check.
Let's see.
Oh yeah, my gloves.
(phone rings)
Huh?
Hey mom, are you already there?
That was fast.
[Tai's mom] We're still at
Shibuya, just transferring.
I feel a little lost here.
[Tai] That's why I said you
should take lessons closer
to home.
Bug spray, check.
[Tai's mom] Yes I know.
Sounds like you're
preparing for camp.
[Tai] I'm so organized,
I could go to the moon!
Pants check, shirt check.
Oh, Kari?
Huh?
[Tai] Help Mom find her way.
(Kari giggles)
[Kari] Okay.
[Tai's mom] We're
transferring trains,
so I'm gonna let you go.
Okay, now let's see what's
going on in the world.
We're getting some reports,
the government has
also been affected.
Uh.
[Tai] Yes.
Good morning.
I'm your neighbor from upstairs.
Yeah, I've seen you around.
At school, right?
My name is Koshiro Izumi.
Hm, My name's Taichi
Kamiya, nice to meet ya.
Uh, hi, and umm, it's
nice to meet you as well.
So, umm, I have a
question I wanted to ask
about the next kids' club camp.
Um, Taichi, I came
to you because.
You can just call me Tai.
Come on in, dude.
Uh, no, I don't wanna intrude.
[Tai] You'd be doing me a favor.
I was getting bored anyway.
[News Host]
Continuing our report
on the major cyber
attack primarily targeted
at central Tokyo.
The damages appear
to be widespread
-throughout the area
-Hey,
would you mind if I looked
at that news report?
[News Host] This footage
is from Shinjuku,
taken just a few minutes ago.
As you can see all
electronic circuits
-in the area appear
-Oh, looks like big trouble.
Thanks. I better use mine.
(lively music)
Oh, sorry, um, this
is my timeline.
It's connected to a lot
of people who are experts in
all kinds of different fields.
And because I'm connected
with them, I can ask questions
and acquire whatever information
I might need to know.
Amazing.
Huh?
I mean, I'm really bad
at that kind of stuff.
You're incredible, Koshiro!
(Koshiro sighs)
Um, you can call me Izzy.
I can see from the pattern
that the way this is
spreading isn't normal.
It's going to cause
a lot of trouble.
It looks like the disruptions
are heading this way.
It might get bad.
Maybe I should stock up
on emergency supplies
like water and batteries.
Huh?
Look at this.
The trains are being affected.
(cellphone dials)
What?
Oh, no!
[Train Tech] What's going
on? We're locked out!
We can't manage the
speed or directions!
[Izzy] The Tokyo loop
line has lost control
and the trains won't stop.
If this keeps up, they're
gonna crash into the barriers,
go off the rails or start
colliding with each other.
(cellphone dials)
What's going on, Tai?
They said they were
transferring at Shibuya earlier.
Huh?
My mom and my little sister
might be on that train.
What, really?
Shibuya you say, if we can get
on the express somehow,
we can be there
in 12 or 13 minutes.
[Tai's mom] Hello? Tai?
Sorry, I had it on silence
so I didn't hear the.
[Tai] Mom, where are you now?
[Tai's mom] On the train.
Why are you so worried?
I've taken a train before.
(Kari screams)
(train rumbles)
(controls beeps)
[Tai] Hello?
Mom, are you still there?
Mom?
Kari?
(crowd chatters)
[Izzy] The news says
there's a problem
with all the
metropolitan train lines.
[Kid] What's happening?
The loop line presents
an immediate danger
to all passengers on-board.
This is bad.
They're on that train, huh?
The roads aren't
fully functional,
so we can't take a
car to go get them.
What do we do?
From here to Shibuya would
be at least 12 kilometers,
even if we were able
to follow the tracks.
[Ticket Operator] Hey,
you, What are you doing?
Huh?
(melancholy music)
Tai!
(devices beep)
[Izzy] Tai?
Huh?
(Tai groans)
What the heck's going on here?
Where am I?
I heard someone calling
my name, and then.
[Izzy] Something's
happening here?
Something's strange.
It's an effect beyond
our understanding.
Wait a minute.
Uh.
(device jingles)
Hi.
I'm Agumon.
I finally found you Tai.
Agumon?
How do you know me
and what are you?
Where are we?
Hey, I have to be somewhere.
My mom and sister are stuck
on this train and what's that?
Don't worry, Tai, I got this.
I'm gonna take these guys down.
(Agumon growls)
(triumphant music)
Pepper Breath!
(Agumon groans)
[Izzy] Tai, are you there?
Please respond.
This is Koshiro Izumi, Izzy.
Huh?
I hear you, Izzy.
[Izzy] Whew! I'm glad
I got through to you.
[Tai] Yeah, but from where?
what's going on?
Something weird is
happening to me right now.
[Izzy] That's why I'm calling.
I can see you over
here from my side.
From your side?
-[Izzy] I've gotta tell you
-Izzy,
can you hold
on for a second?
[Izzy] Oh, sure.
[Agumon] Thank you, Tai.
(Tai pants)
[Tai] Anytime.
All right, leave the rest to me.
[Izzy] Tai, I need
to tell you something
about where you are and I
don't want you to panic.
Please listen and
keep an open mind.
Somehow you've wound
up inside the Net.
Huh?
[Izzy] It's an
unbelievable world
where everything is made up
of data that has a shape.
Unfortunately, I think you're
probably being targeted
by some of that data.
I'm inside the Net?
What?
[Izzy] You have to be
cautious in your interactions
with the life forms
inhabiting this world.
I don't know what you're
going to encounter.
This is all new!
Pepper Breath!
We are monsters that live
inside the digital world.
We're called Digimon!
Digimon?
[Izzy] I can't believe
what's going on here, Tai.
This device I'm holding
is the same thing
that you have, correct?
You disappeared from
the station in a flash.
And when I looked down
this thing suddenly
appeared in front of me.
At the same time, my
screen started changing.
All these new programs had
suddenly been installed.
It's completely awesome!
And more than that, I think
I'll be able to help you out.
I'm seeing a lot of activity.
Are the Digimon swarming?
I believe they operate
in the same way
as computer viruses
that attack data.
[Agumon] A ton of them
suddenly popped up
and started going
wild everywhere.
[Izzy] But once
that swarm vanished,
I was able to confirm
that one of the terminals
in the transit grid had
returned to normal operations.
That's all the proof we need.
It's obvious to me now.
The ones behind
the cyber attacks
in Tokyo are these Digimon.
No wonder the cause
couldn't be identified,
the infection's
inside the Network.
[Tai] Okay, what's the
status of the loop line?
(keyboard clanks)
(Izzy sighs)
[Izzy] It looks like it's
still out of control.
[Tai] So what do we do, Izzy?
[Izzy] Hang on,
let me dig deeper.
There's an area that manages
the loop line control system.
I'm sure there must be
Digimon attacking it.
I knew it.
There are signs of Digimon
having corrupted the pathways.
If you can take back the
area I'm pinpointing for you,
the operators here should
be able to regain control
and stop the train!
Hey Tai, you're protecting
someone important
to you, right?
Okay, I'll put a
stop to this now.
Agumon!
Pepper Breath!
Good work, one more.
Huh?
Something weird is happening.
It looks like all of the
data near that last Digimon,
is gathering, and focusing
its energy on one place!
(Agumon growls)
Agumon!
Talk to me!
[Tai] That was close.
Agumon!
[Izzy] Be careful everybody.
From what I can tell,
the structure of that last
Digimon is changing rapidly.
I don't know exactly
what's happening there,
but you may wanna keep
your distance, Tai.
Tai, it digivolved.
[Tai] Huh, digivolved?
[Izzy] This is part
of their structure.
It's the Digimon's
form of evolution.
Ugh, the loop line situation
is changing for the worse.
One of the out of control
trains has started to speed up.
It's getting close to ramming
the train in front of it!
This is bad, Tai.
At this rate, the trains
will collide at any moment.
It's going to become
a major accident.
(Agumon groans)
Agumon?
Agumon!
(triumphant music)
[Izzy] Is it happening
to Agumon, too?
(Agumon roars)
Agumon, digivolve to.
Greymon!
[Tai] Greymon?
Tai.
Hmm.
[Izzy] Tai, Greymon,
you've gotta hurry,
there's no time left!
Are you ready for this?
Nova Blast!
[Izzy] The emergency stop
program has been activated
on all loop line trains.
The collisions
have been avoided.
Tai, we pulled it off.
[Tai] You're right.
I can't believe it.
That was amazing.
Thanks a lot.
You're the best, Izzy.
And thank you, Greymon.
Sure.
[Izzy] What?
[Izzy] Tai, I'm picking up
signs of another cyber attack.
No, it's another Digimon attack,
but it's not happening in Japan.
This time, it's in
the United States.
It looks like they're targeting
the American military's
tactical data network.
We have to stop them!
Otherwise, the Digimon
could easily take control
of any of their weapons.
If that happens, it could
lead to all out war!
It would mean the
end of the world!
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
that we're looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings ♪
♪ Does the past
decide th future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping hand
and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
♪ And take a chance
♪ Next thing you know you're
a shining beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] Chaos continues
within the network.
The only ones who
can stop the attack
on America are Tai and Agumon.
[Tai] Next time, on Digimon
Adventure, War Game.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.